# CrackSegmentationProject
With the rapid development of artificial intelligence, robotics, nondestructive testing sensors, 5G, big data, IOT, cloud storage and processing technology, highway management and maintenance is showing from artificial semi-automatic sampling detection to intelligent comprehensive and accurate detection, from low-frequency static evaluation to high-frequency dynamic evaluation and early warning, from single information analysis to multi heterogeneous data fusion evaluation, from experience based evaluation. From passive extensive maintenance to accurate maintenance based on data prevention, from phased discrete maintenance to life cycle maintenance. 
It aims to realize the simultaneous detection of "apparent disease + hidden disease", and complete the accurate fusion analysis and superposition presentation through the algorithm, which brings a more three-dimensional analysis perspective of road health status for highway maintenance, and helps the management and maintenance units to explore the correlation and evolution law of disease from the outside to the inside or from the inside out. 
Pavement distress detection is a first key step in developing a robust pavement management system. The current process of distress detection is human-dependent, expensive, inefficient, and unsafe. Computer vision algorithms which use machine learning models have been proposed as an alternative to traditional image manipulation techniques. This is the project for road cracks segmentation. Our team are aiming at the problem of image segmentation in highway crack detection, using the method of machine learning field, taking the crack image as the research object, the pavement crack image segmentation is realized quickly and accurately.
